Error Messages  {#PagErrormsg}
==============
\tableofcontents

Each \Proj instance (either #nettobacClient or #nettobacServer)
contains a member variable called Errr, inherrited from #n2bFactory.
This variable is the error indicator and an error message at the same
time:

- its value is 0 (zero) in case of successful operations, otherwise it gets any value

- the value points to a static ZSTRING containing information where the error occured

An error check and the output of a human readable error message gets
generated by (assuming the code is enclosed by a `WITH Instance` block)

~~~{.bas}
IF .Errr THEN ?"error: " & *.Errr & " failed" : .Errr = 0
~~~

See macro #ERR_MSG and its usage for an advanced example.

\note Ths static string n2bFactory.Errr is owned by \Proj. Never change
      or free that string.

\note \Proj does not reset this variable. You have to do it in your
      code when you intend to continue after an error occured.
      (Otherwise your next error check will trough a false positive.)

Furthermore, when the issue comes from a function call in libc, you can
gain [detailed information from its
errno](http://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799/basedefs/errno.h.html).

The following sections list all manner of .Errr strings reported by \Proj.


# nettobacClient  {#SecErr_Client}

\Item{client resolve IP} message from the constructor
  nettobacClient::nettobacClient(). It failed to resolve the IP adress
  of the server --> Check libc `errno`. Check your network connection
  and configuration, especialy the name server settings.

\Item{client connect} message from the constructor
  nettobacClient::nettobacClient(). It failed to connect to the servers
  IP adress --> Check libc `errno`. Check your network connection.

\Item{client socket check} message from function
  nettobacClient::nOpen(). It failed to use the socket created in the
  constructor --> Check the error message from the constructor.


# nettobacServer  {#SecErr_Server}

\Item{server bind} message from the constructor
  nettobacServer::nettobacServer(). It failed to assign a local socket
  address to the socket --> Check libc `errno`. Check your network
  connection.

\Item{server listen} message from the constructor
  nettobacServer::nettobacServer(). It failed to listen for socket
  connections at the port --> Check libc `errno`. Check your network
  connection.

\Item{server select} message from function nettobacServer::nOpen(). It
  failed to select the socket for read access. --> Check libc `errno`.
  Check your network connection.

\Item{server isset} message from function nettobacServer::nOpen(). It
  failed to find pending data at the port. --> Usually this means there
  is no pending client connection request. You can ignore that message.
  Otherwise check libc `errno`.

\Item{server accept} message from function nettobacServer::nOpen(). It
  failed to accept the new client connection on the socket --> Check
  libc `errno`. Check your network connection.


# n2bFactory  {#SecErr_Factory}

\Item{opensocket} message from the constructor
  n2bFactory::n2bFactory(). It failed to open a new socket for this
  instance -->  Check libc `errno`. Check your network connection.

\Item{find connection} message from function n2bFactory::nClose(). It
  failed to find the connection in the list of open connections. -->
  Check the pointer value. Check if the connection gets closed at an
  other place in your code, before.


# n2bConnection  {#SecErr_Connection}

\Item{setsockopt} message from the constructor
  n2bConnection::n2bConnection(). It failed to set options for the
  socket --> Anything went totaly wrong. Check libc errno. Good luck to
  find the bug.

\Item{put socket check} message from function n2bConnection::nPut(). It
  failed checking the socket identifier. --> Anything went totaly
  wrong. Check libc errno. Good luck to find the bug.

\Item{get socket check} message from function n2bConnection::nGet(). It
  failed checking the socket identifier. --> Anything went totaly
  wrong. Check libc errno. Good luck to find the bug.

\Item{put data check} message from function n2bConnection::nPut(). It
  failed checking the data to send. Either the pointer to the data
  `Dat` is zero or the length `Az` is zero. --> Pass correct parameters
  to the function.

\Item{select} message from function n2bConnection::nGet() or
  n2bConnection::nPut(). It failed to select the socket. --> Check
  libc `errno`. Check your network connection.

\Item{retry} message from function n2bConnection::nGet() or
  n2bConnection::nPut(). It failed to receive or send data, since the
  maximum number of re-tries is reached --> Check your network
  connection. Increase the parameter `ReTry` for bad connections.

\Item{send data} message from function n2bConnection::nPut(). It
  failed to send data over the socket --> Check libc `errno`. Check
  your network connection.

\Item{receive data} message from function n2bConnection::nGet(). It
  failed to receive data from the socket --> Check libc `errno`. Check
  your network connection.

\Item{disconnected} message from function n2bConnection::nGet(). It
  failed to get data from the socket --> Your peer closed that
  connection. You cannot use it any more, close it as well.
